Updating the documentation. Adding Troubleshooting to the Installation Guide (#4272)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: site/content/en/docs/administration/basics/installation.md

docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.https.yml up -d
```

> > In firewall, for ports 80 and 443 must be allow ingress from any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In firewall, ports 80 and 443 must be open for inbound connections from any
```

  ```bash
  curl https://dl-ssl.google.com/linux/linux_signing_key.pub | sudo apt-key add -
  ```

### HTTPS is not working because of a certificate

If you're having trouble with SSL connection, to find the cause,

> you'll need to get the logs from traefik by runing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you'll need to get the logs from traefik by running:
```

```bash
docker logs traefik
```

> The logs will help you find out the probable error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The logs will help you find out the problem.
```

If the error is related to a firewall, then:

> - Into firewall, open ports 80 and 443 for inbound connections from any (if you haven't already).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open ports 80 and 443 for inbound connections from any.
```

- Delete `acme.json`.
  The location should be something like: `/var/lib/docker/volumes/cvat_cvat_letsencrypt/_data/acme.json`.

> After `acme.json` is removed, make sure you are in the cvat repository clone with `yaml` files,
> and stop all cvat docker containers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After `acme.json` is removed, stop all cvat docker containers:
```

  ```bash
  curl https://dl-ssl.google.com/linux/linux_signing_key.pub | sudo apt-key add -
  ```

### HTTPS is not working because of a certificate

> If you're having trouble with SSL connection, you need to get logs traefic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're having trouble with SSL connection, you need to get logs from traefik.
```

First, get the traefik container ID from the docker:

```bash

> docker ps --filter NAME=^traefik$

Reviewer: In our case the container always has `traefik`name, so `docker logs traefik` works
